Add missing ajaxDone in global events (#194)
wintercms/docs: snowboard/request.md

`ajaxUpdateComplete` | No | `(array of HTMLElement) elements, (Request) request)` | Called when the partials are updated. It can be used to determine which partials have been updated. This event cannot be cancelled.
`ajaxSuccess` | No | `(Object) responseData, (Request) request` | Called when a successful response is returned and all partial updating is completed. It can be used to cancel further response handling (ie. redirects, flash messages). Returning `false` in any event listeners will prevent any further response handling from taking place.
`ajaxError` | No | `(Object) responseData, (Request) request` | Called when an unsuccessful response is returned from the AJAX request. It can be used to cancel further error handling. Returning `false` in any event listeners will prevent any further response handling from taking place.

> `ajaxDone` | No | `(Object) responseData, (Request) request` | Called when a successful response is returned from the AJAX request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ajaxDone` | No | `(Object) responseData, (Request) request` | Called when the AJAX request and all response handling is complete, for both a successful or a failed request. This can be useful to clean up after an AJAX request, such as removing loading indicators.
```
